Add React version to Tiny Quickstart (#2)
plaid/tiny-quickstart: react/README.md

If you're looking for a more fully-featured quickstart, covering more API endpoints, available in more languages, and with explanations of the underlying flows, see the official [Plaid Quickstart](https://www.plaid.com/docs/quickstart). 

#### Set up your environment

This app uses the latest stable version of Node. At the time of writing, the latest stable version is v16.14.0. It's recommended you use this version of Node to run the app. For information on installing Node, see [How to install Node.js](https://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-install-nodejs).

#### Install dependencies

Ensure you're in the **react/** folder, then install the necessary dependencies:

```bash
yarn install
```

#### Equip the app with credentials

Run the following command to copy the included **.env.example** to a file called **.env**.

```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

Fill out the contents of the **.env** file with the [client ID and Sandbox secret in your Plaid dashboard](https://dashboard.plaid.com/team/keys). Don't place quotes (`"`) around the credentials (i.e., `PLAID_CLIENT_ID=adn08a280hqdaj0ad`). Use the "Sandbox" secret when setting the `PLAID_SECRET` variable.

#### Start the server

> Start the app by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'm not necessarily going to edit the entire file to conform to this style, but this is an example of how going forward you can be more concise and not spell out things the target audience probably knows.

```bash
yarn start
```

> The app will run on port 3000. To use the app, navigate to `localhost:3000` in your browser. The React frontend and the Node server will hot-reload if you make edits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The app will run on port 3000 and will hot-reload if you make edits.
```
I tried to make this edit part of the other suggestion but GitHub was confused by the formatting and couldn't handle it.

### Using the app

The app allows you to link a sample bank account at an OAuth bank or a non-OAuth bank. For more information on how to link accounts at both types of banks, see the sections below.

#### Non-OAuth banks

Most banks returned by Link in the app are non-OAuth banks. When connecting a non-OAuth bank account, use the following sample credentials:

- Username: `user_good`
- Password: `pass_good`

> If you select a bank that requires multi-factor authentication, enter the following code to proceed: `1234`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If prompted to provide a multi-factor authentication code, use `1234`
```

#### OAuth banks

With OAuth banks, end users temporarily leave Link to authenticate and permission data using the bank's website (or mobile app) instead. Afterward, they're redirected back to Link to complete the Link flow and return control to the application where the account is being linked. In this app, "Platypus OAuth Bank" is an OAuth bank.

To experience an OAuth flow in this app:

1. Navigate to [**Team Settings > API**](https://dashboard.plaid.com/team/api) in your Plaid account.

2. In the **Allowed redirect URIs** section, click "Configure".

3. Add `http://localhost:3000/oauth` as a redirect URI and save your changes.

4. Navigate to the **.env** file in your project directory. Add the following line of code to the end of the file:

```bash
PLAID_SANDBOX_REDIRECT_URI=http://localhost:3000/oauth
```

5. Save your changes to the file and restart your local server (i.e., end the current server process and run `yarn start` again).

6. Navigate to `localhost:3000` and proceed to link an account.

7. On the "Select your bank" screen, type "oauth" into the search bar. Select "Platypus OAuth Bank".

8. On the next screen, select the first instance of "Platypus OAuth Bank". 

> 9. Click "Continue" when prompted. You'll be redirected to the login page for "First Platypus Bank". **Important**: Credentials are not necessary for this bank. Simply click "Sign in" to proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click "Continue" when prompted. You'll be redirected to the login page for "First Platypus Bank". Click "Sign in" to proceed.
```
concision

> 10. Continue through the subsequent screens.

Reviewer: this step doesn't need to be here

> 11. Link will connect the account at the OAuth bank, prompt you to continue, and then redirect you back to the home page.

Reviewer: this step could be combined with step 9.
